Hello everyone and welcome to this new one
video dedicated to minecraft today we will go
to see the new snap shots 13 v
42 a and 13 v 42 b as last week
the novelties of these snap shots are not
evident even though a lot has been done
work behind the scenes on the part
sound of the game but this one
I'll talk the news soon
important this week
and the announcement of the imminent release
of the pre release 1.7 has not yet been
a precise date has been announced
although hopes to see 1.7 1a
of the main with what memory will be held i
first days of November to orlando in
florida are very high but let's go now to
see the innovations introduced in these
snap shot as I said a little ago all the
the game's sound sector was
rewritten
now the kings on the pack can contain
in addition to the textures also the effects
sound that can therefore be
added removed grouped or returned
even this novelty is random
will help the creators of custom map that now
they will be able to insert real ones
dialogues spoken in their creations
one of the modifications of this snap shot
regards the colored glass his
transparency level has increased as
you can also notice the texture was
slightly modified small novelty of
this snap shot and what time on the signs
we can insert symbols and letters
Special
a novelty of this snap shot and what time
witches can spread outside
of their huts to be a small one
anticipation of the imminent night of
halloween starting this snap shot
the maps can display many more
colors as you see here or wool
colored that comes perfectly
also represented on the map ho
however had to use the version a of
this snap shot since in version b
there was a bug he didn't do and a
display the various colors correctly
unfortunately the novelties of this snap shot
they are finished however I remind you that
nothing the release of the pre-release 1.7
as always if you want to deepen or
see the list of bugfixes introduced
you can refer to the minecraft
wiki linked in the description of this
video is as always I remind you that if
you want to contact me you can do it
through my facebook page or
through my twitter profile
both linked on my home page
Youtube channel
at this point I just have to
greet you and give you an appointment at
next video
hello everyone